# Accident-Severity-Prediction-and-Heart-Disease-Indicator-using-Machine-Learning-Models

This project explains about six different machine learning methods applied on the three unrelated datasets naming Germany cars dataset, UK traffic accidents and Heart Diseases Indicator dataset. The six machine learning methods were linear regression, random forest (regression), K- nearest neighbor (also called as KNN), logistic regression, decision tree and random forest (classification). These models will predict the price of old cars, severity of accidents and detecting the heart disease using various factors which will be directly or indirectly affecting them. Further analyzing and comparing these models to find the best fit model for the dataset by evaluating them accuracy score and standard error associated with the model.

Machine Learning is a branch of Artificial Intelligence (AI) which deals with analytical model building and train the machine to adapt its environment independently. In the growing world of machine learning there is a need of answers for a critical question in the form of probability or in a percentage. Critical questions might come from any business organisation, health sector, and stock market handling industries. This report mainly focuses on how the same analytical machine learning models namely multiple linear regression, random forest (regression), K-nearest neighbour (KNN), logistic regression, decision tree and random forest (classification) can prove to be beneficial for the three un- related dataset of Germany cars dataset [1], UK traffic accidents dataset [2] and Heart disease indicator dataset [3] by predicting car prices based on the various independent factors, severity of the traffic accidents and identify whether or not the individual is having the heart disease. This prediction and analysis are done using some or many independent factors which are directly or indirectly associated with the predictor. Below is the short brief of all the three datasets used to answer the research questions.

